README.md, before:

# python-project-lvl1
### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/svntmr/python-project-lvl1/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/svntmr/python-project-lvl1/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/76636927242ae799bd7c/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/svntmr/python-project-lvl1/maintainability)
![Linter status](https://github.com/svntmr/python-project-lvl1/actions/workflows/make-lint.yml/badge.svg)
## Games in the project
### Installation process
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/1OyEnHKhAPU2PFT8bezdbjkDw.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/1OyEnHKhAPU2PFT8bezdbjkDw)
### Brain-even
Game to guess number evenness
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fJrpLbIT53EFEW2zNz9jkRa0S.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fJrpLbIT53EFEW2zNz9jkRa0S)
### Brain-calc
Game to guess expression result
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/IbMG598HL4BxOVf2ch0dYmt0p.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/IbMG598HL4BxOVf2ch0dYmt0p)
### Brain-gcd
Game to guess the greatest common divider of two numbers
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/MOKdXh0CYXVSSKO00wLoqVO6b.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/MOKdXh0CYXVSSKO00wLoqVO6b)
### Brain-progression
Game to guess the missing element of progression
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/RGfvcpIh2guKRQdMNO7OmzV62.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/RGfvcpIh2guKRQdMNO7OmzV62)

Commit message:

ninth step is completed
- prime game was added
- small refactoring of docstrings
- updated project version to 0.7.0

README.md, after:

# python-project-lvl1
### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/svntmr/python-project-lvl1/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/svntmr/python-project-lvl1/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/76636927242ae799bd7c/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/svntmr/python-project-lvl1/maintainability)
![Linter status](https://github.com/svntmr/python-project-lvl1/actions/workflows/make-lint.yml/badge.svg)
## Installation
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/1OyEnHKhAPU2PFT8bezdbjkDw.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/1OyEnHKhAPU2PFT8bezdbjkDw)
## Games in the project
### Brain-even
Game to guess number evenness
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fJrpLbIT53EFEW2zNz9jkRa0S.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fJrpLbIT53EFEW2zNz9jkRa0S)
### Brain-calc
Game to guess expression result
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/IbMG598HL4BxOVf2ch0dYmt0p.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/IbMG598HL4BxOVf2ch0dYmt0p)
### Brain-gcd
Game to guess the greatest common divider of two numbers
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/MOKdXh0CYXVSSKO00wLoqVO6b.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/MOKdXh0CYXVSSKO00wLoqVO6b)
### Brain-progression
Game to guess the missing element of progression
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/RGfvcpIh2guKRQdMNO7OmzV62.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/RGfvcpIh2guKRQdMNO7OmzV62)
### Brain-prime
Game to guess if the given number is prime or not
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/LCtfIc4Rb4k22jtxJ3zSP6Rdr.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/LCtfIc4Rb4k22jtxJ3zSP6Rdr)
